Paper Title: Examination of a framework for multi-objective analysis of computational models 
Paper Author: Jan Fabian Schmid

A. Summary of the paper:
The necessity and approach to solving the potential issues arising from the use of computational models are presented, followed by an (intended) critical discussion of the applicability of the framework.

B. Strengths of the paper:
The writing of a section summary seems to be an interesting idea, since it is helping the reader to quickly sum up the main points.
The proper usage of lists/enumerations makes the paper easy to read and quite pleasant to the eye.
The very specific citations (including page numbers) are a proof of the research efforts and are highly likely to be appreciated by the final assessor or a more inquisitive reader.
The indication of the missing parts makes the reviewer's life painless, which is much appreciated.

C. Weaknesses of the paper:
No alternative approach tackling the same issue is mentioned. That is understandable given its particularity, but might also prove convenient for further interpretation of the discussed framework.

D. Short evaluations

D1. Coverage of the Field:
Broad. Especially the extensive nature of the second section ("Background information") provides a hint into the specificity of the presented framework's utility.

D2. Depth of the topic:
The addressed topic is quite complex and specific, requiring appropriate understanding of the underlying models.

D3. Structure:
The structure is clean and allows for easy exploration through the content. The reader's guide is also helpful in this direction.

D4. Quality of presentation / Clarity:
The paper shows well articulated content and is successful in conveying information.

D5. Quality of the language:
The paper is showing highly skilled use of English.

D6. Critical elaboration of the topic:
Currently not addressed.

E. Detailed comments to the author:

A really strong first impression is made by the clarity of speech, which is by nature far-fetched and unexpected when dealing with such a specific theme. 
Writing section summaries is a good way to get the main points through to the reader, only if the author can successfully avoid repetitions.







